access: add support for allowed_idps (#734)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-cloudflare: website/docs/r/access_application.html.markdown

  re-authorise. Must be one of `30m`, `6h`, `12h`, `24h`, `168h`, `730h`.
* `cors_headers` - (Optional) CORS configuration for the Access Application. See
  below for reference structure.

> * `allowed_idps` - (Optional) The identity providers selected for the application.

Reviewer: Small wording update to clarify this a little more.

```suggestion
* `allowed_idps` - (Optional) Restrict which identity providers are available to the an application.
```
